Chatbot
A chatbot (also known as a talkbot, chatterbot, Bot, IM bot, interactive agent, or Artificial Conversational Entity) is a computer program or an artificial intelligence which conducts a conversation via auditory or textual methods. 

Bahria
Bahria University is a Federally Chartered Public Sector University, The principal seat of Bahria University is at Islamabad and campuses are at Islamabad, Karachi and Lahore. Bahria University was established by the Pakistan Navy in 2000, and since then it has steadily grown into one of the leading higher education institutions in Pakistan. It plays a major role in grooming future leaders who can make a positive difference to the world around them. Bahria is a comprehensive university having multidisciplinary programs that includes Health Sciences, Engineering Sciences, Computer Sciences, Management Sciences, Social Sciences, Law, Earth and Environmental Sciences, Psychology and Maritime Studies.
 
BUKC
BUKC (Bahria University Karachi Campus) is a Campus Branch of Bahria University located in Karachi, Sindh.

Address
BUCK offical address is (13 National Stadium Rd, Karachi).

GPA
GPA (Grade Point Average) is calculated by dividing the total amount of grade points earned by the total amount of credit hours attempted, For Further details downoad the student handbook from https://bahria.edu.pk/.

Admission
Admission at Bahria University are conducted twice a year (Sprin and Fall), For Further details visit https://bahria.edu.pk/.

Discipline
Dicipline wise BUKC has multidisciplinary programs that includes Health Sciences, Engineering Sciences, Computer Sciences, Management Sciences, Social Sciences, Law, Earth and Environmental Sciences, Psychology and Maritime Studies.

Masters
BUKC offers Masters Program, For Further details visit https://bahria.edu.pk/.

Transcript
Transcript is an inventory of the courses taken and grades earned of a student throughout a course of study, Transcripts can be collected from Admission Office.

TRG
TRG (The Resource Group) is the department that provides all the required resouces to the students. It is located in Quid Block.

Blocks
There are 4 blocks in BUCK: Edhi Block - Iqbal Block - Sir Syed Block - Quaid Block.

Sickbay
Sickbay-->adjacent to Sir Syed Block.

Cafe
Cafe-->Adjacent to Basketball Court and Behind Quaid block.

Library 
Library-->Iqbal Block.


Scholarship
Different scholarships are available for the students of BUKC, For Further details visit https://bahria.edu.pk/.

Website
Website: https://bahria.edu.pk/.

Helpline 
Helpline: +92-51-111-111-028.